
                           CASSANDRA
              VTK/Java based 3D Scientific Data Viewer
                  (c) Artenum, Paris, France, 2005
                  http://www.artenum.com/cassandra
                 
                      Version 2.2 (July 2006)

Initial authors: 
    - Sebastien Jourdain (Artenum), contact: sebastien.Jourdain@artenum.com
    - Julien Forest (Artenum), contact: j.forest@artenum.com
    - Artenum SARL, Paris, France. 

1) Introduction / Purpose

   Cassandra is a modular and advanced 3D scientific data viewer.
   Cassandra is written in Java and based on the Visualisation Tool Kit, 
   VTK. 

   Like in OpenDX, Cassandra includes a graphical visualisation pipeline 
   editor based on the DedalEgraph library.

   Data processing are performed through an extensive set of dynamical and
   independent plug-ins. An advanced Python/Jython console, JyConsole, 
   complete the system and allows the direct manipulation of all objects 
   used in the system, independently of their initial language (C++/Java/
   Python). JyConsole includes an object oriented completion. 

   Thanks to this modular approach, Cassandra is highly adaptable and
   extensible to specific and tailored data processing and should simplify 
   the learning curve of the VTK library by non-specialists. 

2) Build from source package

   To build Cassandra from the source package please read the file 
   BUILD.txt.

3) Install and use

   To install the binary package of Cassandra please read the file 
   INSTALL.txt
   
4) Test it

  The package comes with a default set of script and data files.
  A tutorial has been written in order to explain the first step.
  This tutorial can be downloaded here: 
  http://dev.artenum.com/projects/cassandra/downloadPage/tutorial
  
  Remarque: Some slow down has been noticed on Windows when frequent 
            switch between the 3D view and the Swing components.
  
5) Intellectual properties and licensing

  5.1) Cassandra

    All rights, trademarks and intellectual propertie reserved by Artenum, 
    Paris, France, 2006.

    This software can not be used or copy or diffused without an explicit 
    license of Artenum SARL, Paris-France. The license file is available 
    in LICENSE.txt

    For further information, please contact contact@artenum.com or our 
    Web site: http://www.artenum.com


  5.2) ThirdPart and external components

    See the "THIRDPART.txt" for more details. 
    This file could be in the thirdpart directory if provided otherwise in 
    the root directory.
    
6) Contact

    E-mail: jourdain@artenum.com

    Mail: Artenum SARL
          101-103, Bd Mac Donald
          75019 PARIS, FRANCE

    Phone: +33(0)1 44 89 45 15
    Fax:   +33(0)1 44 89 45 17

